the plants that handsome men brings in
here are just at a level beyond anybody
else I've ever seen it was like putting
a puzzle together and they did is just a
very professional job and then we had a
pergola built also by one of his vendors
a wonderful cat carpenter and the
pergola was just a real wonderful
addition to the house and then the
wisteria that Jim brought and planted
has now taken over the pergola it's
quite beautiful lavender like my sweater
when we entertain in the summer around
the pool especially when my husband's
little foreign two-year-old
grandchildren here they can't believe
that this is grant pops house they think
they're in a park because it's just too
so overwhelmed and joyful and they're
running around out there and chasing the
dogs and we call one of the Japanese
maples the Magic Tree and get under it
and hide and hear it and it really does
feel like you're on vacation
and hanselman made it look like it's a
we call it wabi-sabi which means beauty
coming from age and everything here is
old but it's made to look very clean and
new and contemporary